awesome thing gonna buy will defo takes
him in the paint shots away it's good
and we're tied at two welcome to
michigan state ball gets out to keep
Appling keep dribbling bank shot goes
all the way down the line and it's good
and it's 42 Michigan State head shot
here comes Michigan's day we're time is
for with 1644 to go Gary Harris drives
down the land bank shot good and I shoes
got its first lead of the night we're
tied up 1555 left first half Nix has it
Brooks around Watford and a deep taste
of pain drag the base trafficking in
here sideways it up and it's Han
comes MSU with the ball Valentine not a
pain wide open for three Dawson around
the elbow fires bank shot good so he's
got 4 915 to going to half with the ball
Gary Harris goes down the lane I
panicked a little finger roll action
went right by wife or how about that to
you now to Harris bounce pass down low
in the block to Alex Cameron he's making
a move shots away good and the big guy
has first bucket of the game first 43 no
balls loose Valentine saves it download
a Knicks bank charter a girl you knew
he's going to eventually get one now
from the elbow jump shot by Harris is
good fun to go download a seller give
and go with Watford he's triple teams
what a block from behind by Gary Harris
streamed just under way in the ANA
showing their mad defense now goes over
to awesome on the block to mix he's
trying to back Warren they got him
doubled deep dish goes down the pan and
he's fine Dawson common effort in he's
backing backing still backing spins puts
it up and off the glasses good team web
shot clock at eight hair is down the
lanes group shots away kill I don't know
how I'm a bad
indiana trying to get some tempo goin
louder halls but Harris takes it away
and he is gone two more for Gary Harris
on now 648 42 with 14 15 left Valentine
has it he's if they yell both trying to
go down the lane horses up a shot oh
it's good Pete 2844 1355 read sellers
goes right across hello and regarding he
blocked here we gotta help gone mistress
tickets at that ball valentime at the
elbow making a move stop spins fires
killer right over top aha it's across
the time line now the pain breaks in the
basket oh yeah oh yeah fun taking he's
going to get him here's no he throws it
to Valentine how'd it goes to pain for
three divided are you kidding me how
about that battling has a bounce pass on
the block and Nix Nix goes to panties
down the lane back shot and then why she
was back on top appling has a bounce
pass download and exits nixon watch
where he's backing in hook shot away oh
but pain same Nick's free bounces
won't try again Zeller block it Nick's
tries again we got her
I don't know how he does it but he did
it and it's now MSU bio point 6463 we
are under three to go and now law passes
out intercepted by derrick Nix here
comes Michigan State and Tom Izzo says
slow allowed well I tell you Derek Derek
Nixon tells it he's a senior and he
stays with it what a great play on the
offensive end and defensive end here
comes MSU up by a point for the ball
down low Knicks he's back and Watford in
they've got him double he stands
backside good just had some guys that
struggled and giving the unaccredited
credit for that I played hard moved the
ball well they made some shots a couple
of critical calls I guess both ways and
unfortunately we missed some free throws
but it was you know Gary Harris's has
maybe been the best player I have it
fulfilled and then we kind of had him at
the end
lawyers with their way missing free
throws in
and I'm just gonna pull out so I'm gonna
stop you right there
you
everything
it's
you